+++
title = "About"
description = "Describe yourself."
reward = false
postDate = false
readingTime = false
+++

**Welcome to Bytewise!**

Hey there! I'm Nicolás Iriarte, a passionate software developer and an
enthusiastic student pursuing a Master's degree in Embedded Systems. Currently,
I'm thrilled to be part of the aerospace industry, working as a software
engineer for INVAP, where we're dedicated to developing cutting-edge software
for spacecraft.

**About Me:**

I've always been fascinated by the world of technology, and my journey as a
software developer has been a thrilling adventure so far. From writing complex
algorithms to solving real-world problems, I find joy in every aspect of
programming.

**My Passion for Programming:**

Among the many programming languages out there, C/C++ and Lua hold a special
place in my heart. The elegance and power of C/C++ allow me to build robust and
efficient solutions, while the versatility of Lua opens up exciting
possibilities in game development and scripting. I'm always on the lookout for
new challenges that let me explore the full potential of these languages.

**Why This Blog:**

Through this blog, I aim to share my experiences, insights, and knowledge in the
world of software development and embedded systems. I believe that sharing
knowledge not only helps others but also allows me to grow both as a developer
and as an individual.

**What to Expect:**

On this blog, you can look forward to a variety of topics related to software
development, programming tips and tricks, in-depth discussions on C/C++ and Lua,
and insights into the exciting realm of embedded systems. From tutorials to
real-life projects, I'll be covering it all!

**Join Me on this Journey:**

I am eager to connect with like-minded developers, students, and enthusiasts who
share a passion for technology and programming. Let's learn from each other,
exchange ideas, and foster a supportive community that thrives on curiosity and
innovation.

**Get in Touch:**

Feel free to reach out to me via the comments section on each blog post or
through my social media channels. I'm excited to engage with my readers and
answer any questions you might have.

Thank you for stopping by! Let's embark on this exciting adventure together.

Happy coding!
Nicolás Iriarte
